# Hello-World
A new repository
The ubiquitous presence of noise in strong earthquake observation data has caused great disturbance to earthquake early warning. In view of the fact that the traditional temporal filtering method cannot effectively remove noise in the same frequency band as the signal, a denoising method for strong earthquake signals based on the theory of sparse representation and compressive sensing is proposed in this paper. This skillfully realized the separation of strong earthquake signals from noise by adopting a fixed dictionary and utilizing sparse characteristics. Furthermore, considering the weakness of the sparse denoising method based on the fixed dictionary in the high signal-to-noise ratio, a spare denoising method based on learning over-complete dictionary is proposed. Through the initial given seismic data, the ideal over-complete dictionary is trained to achieve seismic data denoising. In addition, for the interference waves of non-seismic events, this paper proposes an idea based on sparse representation classification to remove such non-seismic interference directly. Combining the ideas of noise reduction and non-seismic event elimination, we can get a standard sparse anti-interference denoising model for earthquake early warning. It’s innovative that this model implements the sparse theory into the field of earthquake early warning. According to the experimental results, the performance of the denoising method based on the sparse theory is better than the traditional FIR filtering method; and the anti-interference method of the sparse classification can accurately distinguish the non-seismic interference events from the natural earthquakes.

Code declaration:

This experiment design and code work are completed by the author's team. In addition to some basic algorithm modules, open source codes on the Internet are used for reference, such as the calculation idea of OMP algorithm, the solution of BPDN, K-SVD algorithm, the generation of multiple observation matrices, etc. This experiment is to study, apply and expand the existing achievements.

The code package can run in the windows environment with MATLAB.
